# 2023-01-04 Organizer Meeting

## Assets

### Meetup.com page

We have lots of members, but most are inactive and don't get notifications.

Useful for creating recurring events. It automatically creates new events with titles and such!

Technically, we don't use Meetup for most organizing. E.g. we don't use it RSVPs. The purpose of meetup for us is for a promotional channel.

Contacting people on meetup is controlled by meetup - it's not good. "It's like Craiglist"

Consider: Improve discoverability on Meetup

### Ti.to

Our ticketing system and RSVP. We collect tickets and actual active contact info. We can control our contacts.

**Does not** auto create new events.

We use ti.to for check in lists when checking people in.

Does support web hooks! Future automation?

### Airtable

(powerful strongly-typed relational "spreadsheet" (aka relation database) tool)

Airtable is integrated into ti.to's webhooks to build an RSVP table we can use to track how many people RSVP and show up to events.

We use Airtable to collect CFP ("call for papers"). We have views to manage the process of setting up speakers for meetings. As well as a Kanban to document and track where speakers are in the process of getting their talk accepted.

### Website

Our real home. Should always have the latest info.

Our purpose (see below) should shine through on our webpage.

### GitHub

We have a GitHub! The SeattleJS website is hosted here. Data for speakers is copied from Airtable into JSON objects the website.

### Customer.io

(aka MailChimp)

Built off their webhooks to collect email addresses from registrations.

This is where we send announcement emails. (we do also use Meetup to send announcements)

### Socials

- Twitter
- Discord
- Meetup

## Legals

"Event Loop" is Carter's company that runs CascadiaJS and owns Ti.to tenant.

Formidable owns Seattle JS DNS registration and Meetup page. Carter is an admin on the DNS platform and Meetup, but Formidable is the "ultra-admin".

## What is SeattleJS

Why does it exist? Carter version:

1. Connection (web people to connect with each other, networking)
   1. Particularly important for people new to the industry
2. Learning (technical talks)
3. Elevate fresh voices and talent in community (aka early seed stage investors in people in our community, great place for people to start before going on to bigger things like conferences)

## Workflow

(starting the day after a meetup, to get to the next Meetup)

1. Understand where meetup is taking place, and do we sponsor for it.
   1. Default is Collective, but we do have other places (e.g. AWS skill center)
2. Update Meetup.com
   1. Meetup will auto-create new event copying previous event info. UPDATE with new info
3. Create new event in ti.to
4. Create new event on website

Ready to promote!

1. Click "Announce" on Meetup.com
2. Send email using customer.io
3. Post tweet
4. Post in Discord

^^^ These are typically spaced out on different days

## Budget

Carter has a spreadsheet.

It's good to know what a sponsor is covering and paying for so you know what a ticket ($5) gets you (1 drink, 1 drink and food, 2 drinks, etc.)

Note, there are processing fees on ticket prices, we get <$5.

The availability of food and stuff just depends on if sponsors are available.
